Marriage Licenses

Applying Online
You can now apply online for a marriage license.  If you need a certified copy of a marriage license for a marriage that has already taken place, please visit Certified Copies of Records.

Requirements for Applying for Marriage License
A valid state I.D. or driver's license issued by the Department of Motor Vehicles, passport, U.S. visa I.D. card, federal driver's license, military I.D., or government consulate I.D. is required to apply for a marriage license.
The couple must apply together in person.
If individuals have previously been married, an original or certified copy of the divorce decree, legal annulment, dissolution, or death certificate is required. A certified translation must be presented with original or certified copy of documents that are not in English.
Marriage licenses are valid for 30 days, and the ceremony must take place in Delaware.
Marriage licenses can be purchased as a gift certificate.
The marriage license fee is $50 if at least one of the applicants is a Delaware resident. It is $100 if neither applicant is a Delaware resident. 
Effective July 1, 2015, the recording fee for all licenses issued is $20,due at the time of application. Cash/Credit only (Visa, MC, Amex, Discover). No checks accepted.&nbsp;
Persons intending to be married within this state shall obtain a marriage license at least 24 hours prior to the time of the ceremony. This applies to residents as well as non-residents.
Special written authorization is required if either party is on probation or parole before you apply for a license.
To verify the authenticity of an applicant's identification, the office of the clerk of the peace may also require additional documentation such as a birth certificate or social security card
You can not be related to each other.
You can not be under the influence of drugs or alcohol.
You must be at least 18 years of age to marry. Minors must petition family court for authorization to marry. You may contact family court at 302-255-0300.
Effective July 1, 2013, same sex marriages became legal in Delaware.

Couples getting married in New Castle County are encouraged to make certain that the person performing their wedding ceremony is authorized to do so.  Please visit our listing of "Suspended Officiators" on this page.